Document example with  Python OTEL skd (#17025)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/03-tutorials/00-serverless/svls-12-customize-function-traces.md

   Python
   </summary>

      [Opentelemetry SDK](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/instrumentation/python/manual/#tracing) allows you to customise trace spans and events.

>       Additionally, if you are using `requests` library than all the HTTP communcation can be auto-instrumented:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Additionally, if you are using the `requests` library then all the HTTP communication can be auto-instrumented:
```
